Grids AI Assistant: Add How-To Topics (#8819)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/12 AI Assistant/00 AI Assistant.md

> The {WidgetName} AI Assistant allows you to interact with the component using natural language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {WidgetName} AI Assistant allows you to use natural language to interact with the component.
```

> You can use and configure the following DataGrid features via AI Assistant Chat prompts:

Reviewer 2: Should you replace 'DataGrid' with `{WidgetName}` here as well? 

```suggestion
You can use and configure the following {WidgetName} capabilities via AI Assistant Chat prompts:
```

Author: Yeah, this placeholder makes working on such topics (mostly duplicated across dxDataGrid & dxTreeList) a little bit easier.

- [Filtering and Searching](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Filtering_and_Searching/)
- [Sorting](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Sorting/)
- [Grouping](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Grouping/)
- [Paging](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Paging/)
- [Focused Row](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Focused_Row/)
- [Selection](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Selection/)
- [Summaries](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Summaries/Predefined_Aggregate_Functions/)

> - [Column Fixing](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Columns/Column_Fixing/), [Resizing](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Columns/Column_Sizing/), and [Reordering](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Columns/Column_Reordering/)

Reviewer 2: In .NET documentation, we made an effort (at least in newer documentation) to move away from "INGs" in help topic titles and transition to more "task-based" titles: 

- "Sorting" -> "Sort Data'
- "Paging" -> "Navigate between Pages"
- "Column Fixing" -> "Freeze/Anchor/Fix Columns"
- and so on.

I see that there's a lot of articles that do that... So maybe you don't change articles themselves for now (that's a bigger task for later, if you ever have a chance to deal with that). But we can update this list, I think: 

```suggestion
- [Filter Rows and Search for Text/Values](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Filtering_and_Searching/)
- [Sort Data](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Sorting/)
- [Group Rows](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Grouping/)
- [Navigate between Data Pages](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Paging/)
- [Change Row Focus](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Focused_Row/)
- [Select Rows](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Selection/)
- [Calculate Summaries](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Summaries/Predefined_Aggregate_Functions/)
- [Fix](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Columns/Column_Fixing/), [Resize](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Columns/Column_Sizing/), and [Reorder Columns](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Columns/Column_Reordering/)
```
